[feat] Add new command line option to distribute single node jobs on multiple cluster nodes (#2458)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/manpage.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

> .. option:: --distribute=STATE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. option:: --distribute=NODESTATE
```

>    Parameterize and run tests on all the nodes of their partitions.

Reviewer: First, you need to leave a blank line after the first line, so that it serves as a short description of the option. Second, I think you should change this to something more general and elaborate later:

```suggestion
   Distribute the tests on all the nodes in state ``NODESTATE`` in their respective valid partitions.
```

>    The attribute ``pin_nodes`` will be set in these tests in order to be submitted on the selected nodes.

Reviewer: I don't think that this is necessary here. It is more important how the mechanism works, i.e., it parametrises the selected test with the selected nodes on each of their partitions and that it uses the `$nid` parameter. Think of what the user would like to read when trying this option. The user will see a different name of her test and a strange parameter. So you need to explain those. The `pin_nodes` is an implementation detail.
